Restructure Dedicated query docs (#4967)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/query-data/influxql/execute-queries/influxdb-v1-api.md

InfluxQL is being rearchitected to work with the InfluxDB IOx storage engine.
This process is ongoing and some InfluxQL features are still being implemented.
For information about the current implementation status of InfluxQL features,
see [InfluxQL feature support](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/influxql/feature-support/).
{{% /warn %}}

Use the v1 `/query` endpoint and the `GET` request method to query data with InfluxQL:

{{< api-endpoint endpoint="https://cluster-id.influxdb.io/query" method="get" api-ref="/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/api/#tag/Query" >}}

Provide the following with your request:

- **Headers:**
  - **Authorization:** `Bearer DATABASE_TOKEN`
- **Query parameters:**
  - **db**: Database to query
  - **rp**: _(Optional)_ Retention policy to query 
  - **q**: URL-encoded InfluxQL query

```sh
curl --get https://cluster-id.influxdb.io/query \
  --header "Authorization: Token DATABASE_TOKEN" \
  --data-urlencode "db=DATABASE_NAME" \
  --data-urlencode "q=SELECT * FROM home"
```

Replace the following:

- **`DATABASE_NAME`**: Name of the database to query
- **`DATABASE_TOKEN`**: [Database token](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/admin/tokens/)

>   with read permissions on database you want to query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with read permission on the database you want to query
```
